config-management-system   git-policy-importer-74875c4577-h7mgd                        git-sync                             28m    9Mi     
config-management-system   git-policy-importer-74875c4577-h7mgd                        policy-importer                      4m     16Mi    
config-management-system   monitor-7dcdc447fb-qc9tp                                    monitor                              3m     7Mi     
config-management-system   resourcequota-admission-controller-59cf8f89b4-9qd56         resourcequota-admission-controller   2m     8Mi     
config-management-system   syncer-54954fbc76-wlvt5                                     syncer                               6m     24Mi    
csm                        csm-insights-adapter-695bf4d4c4-gm256                       csm-insights-adapter                 13m    12Mi    
csm                        csm-insights-meshstate-546d669645-v5c85                     meshstateprovider                    7m     43Mi    
csm                        csm-sync-agent-5c669b58b5-94hb2                             csm-sync-agent                       1m     7Mi     
default                    adservice-74c5fd9c95-mmhkn                                  istio-proxy                          5m     38Mi    
default                    adservice-74c5fd9c95-mmhkn                                  server                               20m    179Mi   
default                    adservice-74c5fd9c95-nq8nh                                  server                               18m    185Mi   
default                    adservice-74c5fd9c95-nq8nh                                  istio-proxy                          4m     39Mi    
default                    cartservice-dc5994887-ds6mq                                 istio-proxy                          9m     88Mi    
default                    cartservice-dc5994887-ds6mq                                 server                               32m    45Mi    
default                    cartservice-dc5994887-nbg9g                                 server                               10m    37Mi    
default                    cartservice-dc5994887-nbg9g                                 istio-proxy                          7m     90Mi    
default                    checkoutservice-b768cb558-7xmwk                             istio-proxy                          4m     40Mi    
default                    checkoutservice-b768cb558-7xmwk                             server                               3m     11Mi    
default                    checkoutservice-b768cb558-rq72c                             istio-proxy                          4m     41Mi    
default                    checkoutservice-b768cb558-rq72c                             server                               3m     12Mi    
default                    currencyservice-7d965979b7-6gclf                            server                               7m     70Mi    
default                    currencyservice-7d965979b7-6gclf                            istio-proxy                          7m     39Mi    
default                    currencyservice-7d965979b7-7wkqr                            server                               8m     52Mi    
default                    currencyservice-7d965979b7-7wkqr                            istio-proxy                          7m     40Mi    
default                    emailservice-5b9f79d7b6-9xr4p                               istio-proxy                          4m     39Mi    
default                    emailservice-5b9f79d7b6-9xr4p                               server                               9m     41Mi    
default                    emailservice-5b9f79d7b6-nqfkl                               server                               10m    40Mi    
default                    emailservice-5b9f79d7b6-nqfkl                               istio-proxy                          4m     39Mi    
default                    frontend-v026-dzppw                                         server                               7m     12Mi    
default                    frontend-v026-dzppw                                         istio-proxy                          10m    43Mi    
default                    frontend-v026-k49l2                                         istio-proxy                          11m    44Mi    
default                    frontend-v026-k49l2                                         server                               7m     13Mi    
default                    frontend-v026-ldcp6                                         istio-proxy                          9m     42Mi    
default                    frontend-v026-ldcp6                                         server                               6m     13Mi    
default                    loadgenerator-6d797fcd85-g68bn                              istio-proxy                          5m     37Mi    
default                    loadgenerator-6d797fcd85-g68bn                              main                                 10m    99Mi    
default                    paymentservice-7c9df46fb9-dqrzx                             istio-proxy                          4m     39Mi    
default                    paymentservice-7c9df46fb9-dqrzx                             server                               36m    41Mi    
default                    paymentservice-7c9df46fb9-q642d                             istio-proxy                          4m     40Mi    
default                    paymentservice-7c9df46fb9-q642d                             server                               20m    35Mi    
default                    productcatalogservice-648d876b98-gvkjm                      server                               7m     11Mi    
default                    productcatalogservice-648d876b98-gvkjm                      istio-proxy                          8m     41Mi    
default                    productcatalogservice-648d876b98-tpgwd                      istio-proxy                          9m     41Mi    
default                    productcatalogservice-648d876b98-tpgwd                      server                               9m     11Mi    
default                    recommendationservice-6676cd7bb7-f6g5g                      server                               9m     115Mi   
default                    recommendationservice-6676cd7bb7-f6g5g                      istio-proxy                          5m     46Mi    
default                    recommendationservice-6676cd7bb7-kclzc                      server                               11m    115Mi   
default                    recommendationservice-6676cd7bb7-kclzc                      istio-proxy                          5m     47Mi    
default                    redis-cart-6fd95746bf-qm9zl                                 istio-proxy                          10m    93Mi    
default                    redis-cart-6fd95746bf-qm9zl                                 redis                                3m     10Mi    
default                    shippingservice-545f46fb7f-5j2g4                            istio-proxy                          4m     40Mi    
default                    shippingservice-545f46fb7f-5j2g4                            server                               7m     11Mi    
default                    shippingservice-545f46fb7f-f4c5b                            server                               6m     10Mi    
default                    shippingservice-545f46fb7f-f4c5b                            istio-proxy                          4m     39Mi    
istio-system               grafana-5dd98b8f8f-mxfqv                                    grafana                              2m     28Mi    
istio-system               istio-citadel-d5df45c98-5k2c5                               citadel                              2m     15Mi    
istio-system               istio-egressgateway-5766dccd78-j9chl                        istio-proxy                          5m     33Mi    
istio-system               istio-galley-6db57bcdc-bn9tl                                galley                               56m    30Mi    
istio-system               istio-ingressgateway-6bb696ddfc-cxk8g                       istio-proxy                          5m     38Mi    
istio-system               istio-ingressgateway-6bb696ddfc-ps6sj                       istio-proxy                          5m     38Mi    
istio-system               istio-ingressgateway-6bb696ddfc-w798v                       istio-proxy                          5m     36Mi    
istio-system               istio-pilot-6b5dc688dd-bmmjs                                discovery                            9m     61Mi    
istio-system               istio-pilot-6b5dc688dd-bmmjs                                istio-proxy                          4m     32Mi    
istio-system               istio-policy-8447c6ff7-ztzh8                                mixer                                4m     28Mi    
istio-system               istio-policy-8447c6ff7-ztzh8                                istio-proxy                          4m     21Mi    
istio-system               istio-sidecar-injector-7f7cd5c7fb-nz6p4                     sidecar-injector-webhook             18m    10Mi    
istio-system               istio-telemetry-588f4bfc99-vvds9                            mixer                                217m   112Mi   
istio-system               istio-telemetry-588f4bfc99-vvds9                            istio-proxy                          28m    34Mi    
istio-system               istio-tracing-79db5954f-hd5t6                               jaeger                               2m     329Mi   
istio-system               istiocoredns-865fb8c47f-j2dgs                               istio-coredns-plugin                 4m     13Mi    
istio-system               istiocoredns-865fb8c47f-j2dgs                               coredns                              6m     12Mi    
istio-system               kiali-68677d47d7-82xnm                                      kiali                                1m     10Mi    
istio-system               prometheus-98ff5bc8b-qzrhd                                  prometheus                           45m    445Mi   
kube-system                config-management-operator-5ffb646656-8b69n                 manager                              9m     23Mi    
kube-system                event-exporter-v0.2.5-7d99d74cf8-mz2w9                      prometheus-to-sd-exporter            1m     9Mi     
kube-system                event-exporter-v0.2.5-7d99d74cf8-mz2w9                      event-exporter                       1m     14Mi    
kube-system                fluentd-gcp-v3.1.1-4qrts                                    fluentd-gcp                          30m    168Mi   
kube-system                fluentd-gcp-v3.1.1-4qrts                                    prometheus-to-sd-exporter            1m     8Mi     
kube-system                fluentd-gcp-v3.1.1-l74qv                                    fluentd-gcp                          30m    166Mi   
kube-system                fluentd-gcp-v3.1.1-l74qv                                    prometheus-to-sd-exporter            1m     9Mi     
kube-system                fluentd-gcp-v3.1.1-m42gb                                    prometheus-to-sd-exporter            1m     9Mi     
kube-system                fluentd-gcp-v3.1.1-m42gb                                    fluentd-gcp                          74m    165Mi   
kube-system                fluentd-gcp-v3.1.1-tmpth                                    prometheus-to-sd-exporter            1m     8Mi     
kube-system                fluentd-gcp-v3.1.1-tmpth                                    fluentd-gcp                          24m    162Mi   
kube-system                kube-dns-79868f54c5-bn4ln                                   dnsmasq                              6m     8Mi     
kube-system                kube-dns-79868f54c5-bn4ln                                   kubedns                              8m     15Mi    
kube-system                kube-dns-79868f54c5-bn4ln                                   sidecar                              1m     13Mi    
kube-system                kube-dns-79868f54c5-bn4ln                                   prometheus-to-sd                     0m     9Mi     
kube-system                kube-dns-79868f54c5-mkwcp                                   dnsmasq                              6m     7Mi     
kube-system                kube-dns-79868f54c5-mkwcp                                   sidecar                              2m     13Mi    
kube-system                kube-dns-79868f54c5-mkwcp                                   prometheus-to-sd                     0m     9Mi     
kube-system                kube-dns-79868f54c5-mkwcp                                   kubedns                              6m     13Mi    
kube-system                kube-dns-autoscaler-bb58c6784-8cq4s                         autoscaler                           1m     10Mi    
kube-system                kube-proxy-gke-central-pool-1-47d730e3-1tt0                 kube-proxy                           7m     26Mi    
kube-system                kube-proxy-gke-central-pool-1-47d730e3-709m                 kube-proxy                           4m     23Mi    
kube-system                kube-proxy-gke-central-pool-1-47d730e3-dkrw                 kube-proxy                           4m     29Mi    
kube-system                kube-proxy-gke-central-pool-1-47d730e3-sh01                 kube-proxy                           7m     26Mi    
kube-system                l7-default-backend-6f8697844f-mbdxg                         default-http-backend                 1m     4Mi     
kube-system                metrics-server-v0.3.1-57c75779f-9hq5r                       metrics-server-nanny                 1m     8Mi     
kube-system                metrics-server-v0.3.1-57c75779f-9hq5r                       metrics-server                       5m     26Mi    
kube-system                prometheus-to-sd-p5d2m                                      prometheus-to-sd                     1m     8Mi     
kube-system                prometheus-to-sd-vffs6                                      prometheus-to-sd                     1m     7Mi     
kube-system                prometheus-to-sd-vm48g                                      prometheus-to-sd                     0m     7Mi     
kube-system                prometheus-to-sd-x2mkc                                      prometheus-to-sd                     1m     7Mi     
kube-system                stackdriver-metadata-agent-cluster-level-7bf9b86545-shxjn   metadata-agent                       7m     23Mi    
logging                    fluentd-elasticsearch-mhn45                                 fluentd-elasticsearch                1m     40Mi    
logging                    fluentd-elasticsearch-pckrq                                 fluentd-elasticsearch                1m     40Mi    
logging                    fluentd-elasticsearch-r69cc                                 fluentd-elasticsearch                1m     40Mi    
logging                    fluentd-elasticsearch-xssg9                                 fluentd-elasticsearch                1m     40Mi 